README.md, before:

# MyFlixAngularClient

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 14.1.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Update comments and READMEs, add documentation

README.md, after:

# MyFlixAngularClient

This project is from [CareerFoundry's Full Stack Web Development Program](https://careerfoundry.com/en/courses/become-a-web-developer/) Achievement 6. This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 14.1.3 and Angular Material to utilize the [API from Achievement 2](https://github.com/dandanmania/movie_api) and display information of a few anime movies (Movies, Directors, Genres). Users will be able to register to gain access to the site, update their personal information, and create and manage a list of their favorite movies. Users can also deregister at any time.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
